Next.js quickstart proposal (#444)
clerkinc/clerk-docs: docs/quickstarts/setup-clerk.mdx

  you move your data to Clerk.
</Callout>

<Steps>
  ### Log into Clerk

  [Create an account at Clerk](https://dashboard.clerk.com/sign-up) or [log into your Clerk dasbhoard](https://dashboard.clerk.com/).

  ### Create a Clerk application

>   If you've just created an account for the first time, you'll be taken directly to our interactive sign gin form builder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  If you've just created an account for the first time, you'll be taken directly to our interactive sign-in form builder.
```

  you move your data to Clerk.
</Callout>

<Steps>

### Log into Clerk

[Create a Clerk account](https://dashboard.clerk.com/sign-up) or [log into your Clerk dasbhoard](https://dashboard.clerk.com/).

### Create a Clerk application

> If you've just created an account for the first time, you'll be taken directly to our interactive sign-in form builder.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you've just created an account for the first time, you'll be taken directly to our interactive authentication setup form.
```

{/* Don't move ![] to a new line, otherwise MDX adds a <p> tag and it breaks A11Y */}

<div style={{filter: "drop-shadow(rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.16) 0px 12px 24px)"}}>![An interactive builder to make your "<SignIn />" component truly yours, which lets you select your auth providers.](/docs/images/setup-clerk/create-sign-in-comp.png)</div>

Otherwise, you'll be redirected to [your Clerk dashboard](https://dashboard.clerk.com/).

> To create a new app, press the **Add application** card to be taken to the interactive sign-in form builder.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To create a new app, press the **Add application** card to be taken to the interactive authentication setup form.
```
